Welcome back. How did you do on your first quiz? If you got most of the questions right, great job. If not, no worries it's all part of learning. We'll be here to help you check that you've really got your head around these concepts with regular quizzes like this. If you ever find a question tricky, go back and review the videos and then try the quiz again. You want to feel super comfortable with what you've learned before jumping into the next lesson. Remember, take your time. I will be here whenever you're ready to move on. Okay. Feeling good? Great. Let us dive in. In this course, we will use the Python programming language to demonstrate basic programming concepts and how to apply them to writing scripts. We have mentioned that there are a bunch of programming languages out there. So why pick Python? Well, we chose Python for a few reasons. First off, programming in Python usually feels similar to using a human language. This is because Python makes it easy to express what we want to do with syntax that's easy to read and write. Check out this example. There is a lot to unpack here so don't worry if you don't understand it right away, we'll get into the nitty-gritty details later in the course. But even if you've never seen a line of code before, you might be able to guess what this code does. It defines a list with names of friends and then creates a greeting for each name in the list. Now it is your turn to make friends with Python. Try it out and see what happens. Throughout this course, you will execute Python code using your web browser. We'll start with some small coding exercises using code blocks just like the one you experimented with. Later on as you develop your skills, you'll work on larger more complex coding exercises using other tools. Getting good at something takes a whole lot of practice and programming and Python is no different. We recommend that you practice every example we share in this course on your own. If you do not have Python installed on your machine, no worries, you can still practice using an online Python interpreter. Check out the next reading for links to the most popular Python interpreters available online. Now I am sure you are wondering what the heck is a Python interpreter. In programming, an interpreter is the program that reads and executes code. Remember how we said a computer program is like a recipe with step-by-step instructions? Well, if your recipe is written in Python, the Python interpreter is the program that reads what is in the recipe and translates it into instructions for your computer to follow. Eventually, you'll want to install Python on your computer so you can run it locally and experiment with it as much as you like. We'll guide you through how to install Python in the upcoming course but you don't have to have it installed to get your first taste of Python. You can practice with the quizzes we provide and with the online interpreters and code pads that we'll give you links to in the next reading. We'll provide a whole bunch of exercises for you but feel free to come up with your own and share them in the discussion forums. Feel free to get creative. This is your chance to show off your new skills.

Bienvenido de nuevo. ¿Cómo te fue en tu primer examen? Si tienes la mayoría de las preguntas bien, gran trabajo. Si no, no te preocupes, todo es parte del aprendizaje. Estaremos aquí para ayudarle a comprobar que realmente tiene la cabeza alrededor de estos conceptos con cuestionarios regulares como este. Si alguna vez encuentras una pregunta complicada, vuelve a revisar los vídeos y vuelve a probar el cuestionario. Quieres sentirte súper cómodo con lo que has aprendido antes de saltar a la siguiente lección. Recuerda, tómate tu tiempo. Estaré aquí cuando estés listo para seguir adelante. Está bien. ¿Te sientes bien? Genial. Vamos a sumergirnos. En este curso, usaremos el lenguaje de programación Python para demostrar conceptos básicos de programación y cómo aplicarlos a la escritura de scripts. Hemos mencionado que hay un montón de lenguajes de programación por ahí. Entonces, ¿por qué elegir Python? Bueno, elegimos Python por algunas razones. En primer lugar, la programación en Python generalmente se siente similar a usar un lenguaje humano. Esto se debe a que Python hace que sea fácil expresar lo que queremos hacer con una sintaxis fácil de leer y escribir. Echa un vistazo a este ejemplo. Hay mucho que desempaquetar aquí, así que no te preocupes si no lo entiendes de inmediato, nos pondremos en los detalles más adelante en el curso. Pero incluso si nunca ha visto una línea de código antes, es posible que pueda adivinar lo que hace este código. Define una lista con nombres de amigos y luego crea un saludo para cada nombre de la lista. Ahora es tu turno de hacer amigos con Python. Pruébalo y mira qué pasa. A lo largo de este curso, ejecutará código Python usando su navegador web. Comenzaremos con algunos pequeños ejercicios de codificación usando bloques de código como el que experimentó. Más tarde, mientras desarrollas tus habilidades, trabajarás en ejercicios de codificación más complejos y más grandes utilizando otras herramientas. Ser bueno en algo requiere mucha práctica y programación y Python no es diferente. Le recomendamos que practique todos los ejemplos que compartimos en este curso por su cuenta. Si no tiene Python instalado en su máquina, no se preocupe, todavía puede practicar usando un intérprete de Python en línea. Echa un vistazo a la siguiente lectura para ver enlaces a los intérpretes de Python más populares disponibles en línea. Ahora estoy seguro de que se está preguntando qué diablos es un intérprete de Python. En la programación, un intérprete es el programa que lee y ejecuta código. ¿ Recuerdas que dijimos que un programa de computadora es como una receta con instrucciones paso a paso? Bueno, si su receta está escrita en Python, el intérprete de Python es el programa que lee lo que está en la receta y lo traduce en instrucciones para que su computadora siga. Eventualmente, querrá instalar Python en su computadora para que pueda ejecutarlo localmente y experimentar con él tanto como desee. Le guiaremos a través de cómo instalar Python en el próximo curso, pero no tiene que tenerlo instalado para obtener su primera prueba de Python. Puedes practicar con los cuestionarios que ofrecemos y con los intérpretes online y pads de código a los que te daremos enlaces en la siguiente lectura. Te proporcionaremos un montón de ejercicios, pero siéntete libre de inventar los tuyos y compartirlos en los foros de discusión. Siéntase libre de ser creativo. Esta es tu oportunidad de mostrar tus nuevas habilidades.
