Remember how we mentioned that Python is simple and easy to use? Python makes it easy to express the fundamental concepts of programming like data structures and algorithms with easy to read syntax. This makes Python a great language to use to learn programming. And there are other reasons to pick Python, too. Python is super popular in the IT industry, making it one of the most common programming languages used today. Python isn't new. Its first version was released by Guido van Rossum back in 1991. Since then, the community that develops it has grown and the language has advanced a lot. Whenever there's a significant change to the semantics or syntax of the language, a new major version is released. In 2000, Python 2 was released. In 2008, we got Python 3. In this course, we'll use Python 3.7, which came out in 2018. For many years, Python was considered a beginner's language and was mostly used for teaching concepts or writing very small simple scripts, like in this course. But in recent years, the adoption of Python has grown dramatically. One reason for this is that the language has become more powerful. It's also because there's more tools available in Python for a growing range of applications. You can use Python to calculate statistics, run your e-commerce site, process images, interact with web services, and do a whole host of other tasks. Python is perfect for automation. It lets you automate everyday tasks by writing simple scripts that are easy to understand and easy to maintain. That's why Python is the language of choice for lots of people working in IT support, system administration, and web development. Not only that, but it's also used in fast-growing areas of IT, like machine learning or data analytics. Last but not least, Python is available for download on a wide variety of operating systems, like Windows, Linux, and Mac OS. And what's more, Python is so popular in the workplace that if you are currently working in IT, you've most likely encountered it already. And if you're planning a career in IT, chances are you'll interact with Python quite a bit. So there's a whole lot of reasons for why Python is relevant to today's IT industry. A large part of programming is learning through trial and error and asking questions. So if at any point you get stuck, don't get discouraged. Making mistakes helps you improve. The more you see failure or broken code as an opportunity to learn, the quicker you'll master programming. I remember the first Python script I ever wrote. It took a lot of refactoring, debugging, and testing to get it to work. I relied on a lot of my teammates for help and mentorship and wound up spending more time on Stack Overflow than actually writing the code. Thankfully, you don't have to reinvent the wheel. There's almost always someone on the Internet who's trying to do what you're doing and can help point you in the right direction when you're stuck. Sometimes it takes a village. It's really important to keep in mind that even experienced programmers may need to ask a colleague a question from time to time or look something up on the Internet. Whether you're a programming novice or have some experience in software development, remember, the best programmers overcome challenges by seeking help or using other resources. Once you've completed this program, you'll be well on your way to confidently programming in basic Python. There's lots of information online that will help you continue to develop your programming skills. For example, there are lots of online courses for specific programming languages. You'll find answers to your Python coding questions in the official Python documentation. You can use sites like Stack Overflow to discuss and share with other developers. And you can ask questions in our discussion forums. You can even subscribe to some of the Python mailing lists to keep in the know on the latest updates to the language. You're opening the door to the whole world of programming, and it's super exciting to be joining the development community. The most important thing to remember is that you're never alone. Any questions you may have, any time in your career, there are resources out there to help you find the answers you need. Wow, [LAUGH] that was a lot of information. Feel free to take a quick break, grab something to drink, and then head on over to the supplemental reading to learn more about Python and the resources out there to help you learn.

¿Recuerdas cómo mencionamos que Python es simple y fácil de usar? Python hace que sea fácil expresar los conceptos fundamentales de programación como estructuras de datos y algoritmos con una sintaxis fácil de leer. Esto hace que Python sea un gran lenguaje para usar para aprender programación. Y hay otras razones para elegir Python, también. Python es muy popular en la industria de TI, por lo que es uno de los lenguajes de programación más comunes utilizados hoy en día. Python no es nuevo. Su primera versión fue lanzada por Guido van Rossum en 1991. Desde entonces, la comunidad que la desarrolla ha crecido y el lenguaje ha avanzado mucho. Cada vez que hay un cambio significativo en la semántica o la sintaxis del idioma, se lanza una nueva versión principal. En 2000, Python 2 fue lanzado. En 2008, obtuvimos Python 3. En este curso, usaremos Python 3.7, que salió en 2018. Durante muchos años, Python fue considerado un idioma para principiantes y se utilizó principalmente para enseñar conceptos o escribir guiones simples muy pequeños, como en este curso. Pero en los últimos años, la adopción de Python ha crecido drásticamente. Una razón para esto es que el lenguaje se ha vuelto más poderoso. También se debe a que hay más herramientas disponibles en Python para una gama creciente de aplicaciones. Puede usar Python para calcular estadísticas, ejecutar su sitio de comercio electrónico, procesar imágenes, interactuar con servicios web y realizar una serie de otras tareas. Python es perfecto para la automatización. Le permite automatizar las tareas cotidianas escribiendo scripts sencillos que son fáciles de entender y de mantener. Es por eso que Python es el lenguaje de elección para muchas personas que trabajan en soporte de TI, administración de sistemas y desarrollo web. No solo eso, sino que también se utiliza en áreas de TI de rápido crecimiento, como el aprendizaje automático o el análisis de datos. Por último, pero no menos importante, Python está disponible para su descarga en una amplia variedad de sistemas operativos, como Windows, Linux y Mac OS. Y lo que es más, Python es tan popular en el lugar de trabajo que si actualmente está trabajando en TI, lo más probable es que ya lo haya encontrado. Y si está planeando una carrera en TI, lo más probable es que interactúe un poco con Python. Por lo tanto, hay muchas razones por las que Python es relevante para la industria de TI de hoy en día. Una gran parte de la programación es aprender a través de pruebas y errores y hacer preguntas. Así que si en algún momento te quedas atascado, no te desanimes. Cometer errores te ayuda a mejorar. Cuanto más veas el error o el código roto como una oportunidad de aprender, más rápido podrás dominar la programación. Recuerdo el primer script de Python que escribí. Se necesitó una gran cantidad de refactorización, depuración y pruebas para que funcionara. Confié en muchos de mis compañeros de equipo para obtener ayuda y mentoría y terminé gastando más tiempo en Stack Overflow que en realidad escribiendo el código. Afortunadamente, no tienes que reinventar la rueda. Casi siempre hay alguien en Internet que está tratando de hacer lo que estás haciendo y puede ayudarte a apuntarte en la dirección correcta cuando estás atascado. A veces se necesita un pueblo. Es muy importante tener en cuenta que incluso los programadores experimentados pueden necesitar hacer una pregunta a un colega de vez en cuando o buscar algo en Internet. Ya sea que sea un novato de programación o tenga alguna experiencia en desarrollo de software, recuerde que los mejores programadores superan los desafíos buscando ayuda o utilizando otros recursos. Una vez que haya completado este programa, estará bien en su camino a la programación con confianza en Python básico. Hay mucha información en línea que te ayudará a seguir desarrollando tus habilidades de programación. Por ejemplo, hay muchos cursos en línea para lenguajes de programación específicos. Encontrará respuestas a sus preguntas de codificación de Python en la documentación oficial de Python. Puede utilizar sitios como Stack Overflow para discutir y compartir con otros desarrolladores. Y usted puede hacer preguntas en nuestros foros de discusión. Incluso puede suscribirse a algunas de las listas de correo de Python para mantenerse al tanto de las últimas actualizaciones del idioma. Estás abriendo la puerta a todo el mundo de la programación, y es muy emocionante unirse a la comunidad de desarrollo. Lo más importante a recordar es que nunca estás solo. Cualquier pregunta que pueda tener, en cualquier momento de su carrera, hay recursos para ayudarle a encontrar las respuestas que necesita. Wow, [RISA] eso fue mucha información. Siéntase libre de tomar un descanso rápido, tomar algo para beber y luego pasar a la lectura complementaria para obtener más información sobre Python y los recursos que le ayudarán a aprender.

Question:
Let's check whether you soaked all that in with a quick question! Select all options that explain why Python is relevant to today’s IT industry.

->  Python scripts are easy to write, understand, and maintain.
Correcto
Woohoo! Python is a language that tries to mimic our natural language and so Python scripts are generally easy to write, understand and maintain.
-   There are many system administration tools built with Python.
-   Python was written by Guido van Rossum in 1991.
-   Python is available on a wide variety of platforms.
-   There have been multiple major version releases over the years which incorporate significant changes to the language.
