As the Chinese proverb says, a journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. Today's a big day, you're taking your first step in your journey to learn how to write scripts in Python. It's going to be a little challenging at times, but really it's not that scary. We'll go slow and give you everything you need to fully grasp each concept before we move along. In the next few videos, you'll discover the fundamental concepts of computer programming. You'll learn what a programming language is, what scripting is, what languages are out there other than Python, and how this all relates to IT. We'll also have you coding before you know it with small coding exercises we've cooked up to give you hands-on practice with Python. This will include writing your very first Python script. But always keep in mind, if at any point along the way you feel lost or confused, don't panic. You can watch the videos as many times as you need to let the concept sink in, plus you can ask questions in the discussion forums, which is one of the best ways to find extra information and connect with other learners. When I was asked to participate in this program, it made me think about when I first started to code. If I could give that younger version of myself a piece of advice, this is what I would tell her, it never works the first time. Seriously, as a newbie, I expected it all to work like magic. I thought that following the rules and getting it right the first time would prove my value as a coder, but that's just not true, not even the best of the best. If you expect to write perfect code on the first shot you're going to be disappointed. You hear that younger self? Try not to feel overwhelmed by the details. Connecting the dots only comes with experience, so the best way to learn is to just jump in. The truth is everyone learns at their own pace. If you already know some of these concepts, feel free to skip ahead to the parts that interests you the most. If you're starting from scratch, take as long as you need for each concept. The assessments will be right there waiting for you when you're done, and if at any point you start doubting yourself, remember, even the most advanced programmers started thinking, Python? What's Python? Well, we're about to learn all about it, so let's dive in. Next up, we'll be doing a rundown of what programming is.

Como dice el proverbio chino, un viaje de mil millas comienza con un solo paso. Hoy es un gran día, está dando su primer paso en su viaje para aprender a escribir scripts en Python. Va a ser un poco difícil a veces, pero realmente no da miedo. Iremos despacio y le daremos todo lo que necesita para comprender plenamente cada concepto antes de seguir adelante. En los próximos vídeos, descubrirás los conceptos fundamentales de la programación informática. Aprenderá qué es un lenguaje de programación, qué es el scripting, qué lenguajes hay fuera de Python y cómo todo esto se relaciona con TI. También tendremos que codificar antes de que te des cuenta con pequeños ejercicios de codificación que hemos preparado para ofrecerte práctica con Python. Esto incluirá escribir su primer script de Python. Pero siempre tenga en cuenta, si en algún momento del camino se siente perdido o confundido, no se asuste. Puedes ver los videos tantas veces como necesites para dejar que el concepto se hunda, además de hacer preguntas en los foros de discusión, que es una de las mejores maneras de encontrar información adicional y conectarse con otros alumnos. Cuando me pidieron que participara en este programa, me hizo pensar en cuándo empecé a codificar. Si pudiera darle a esa versión más joven de mí mismo un consejo, esto es lo que le diría, nunca funciona la primera vez. En serio, como novato, esperaba que todo funcionara como magia. Pensé que seguir las reglas y hacerlo bien la primera vez demostraría mi valor como codificador, pero eso no es cierto, ni siquiera lo mejor de lo mejor. Si espera escribir el código perfecto en la primera toma, va a estar decepcionado. ¿ Escuchaste a ese yo más joven? Trate de no sentirse abrumado por los detalles. Conectar los puntos solo viene con experiencia, por lo que la mejor manera de aprender es simplemente saltar. La verdad es que todos aprenden a su propio ritmo. Si ya conoces algunos de estos conceptos, siéntete libre de saltarte a las partes que más te interesan. Si estás empezando desde cero, tómate el tiempo que necesites para cada concepto. Las evaluaciones estarán allí esperándote cuando hayas terminado, y si en algún momento comienzas a dudar de ti mismo, recuerda, incluso los programadores más avanzados comenzaron a pensar, Python? ¿ Qué es Python? Bueno, estamos a punto de aprenderlo todo, así que vamos a sumergirnos. A continuación, haremos un resumen de lo que es la programación.
